there's been a lot of discussion about
the 2018 15-inch MacBook Pro
particularly the i9 configuration
because of some potential thermal issues
now in my original video about this
whole topic I noticed that the 2018
model di9 was somehow slower for my
workflow than the 2017 model the i7 3.1
gigahertz so the fastest one from last
year was a little bit faster than the
fastest one from this year which doesn't
make sense right that should never be
the case with any tech product and I ran
those tests over and over and over again
before I published the video after I
published video with new versions of
premiere new versions of Intel's
monitoring program and I got the same
kind of result the new MacBook was
slower than the old MacBook because of
some thermal issue now in this whole
thing Apple reached out to me pretty
early on tried to figure out what it was
that was causing this so I worked with
them sent them like all the information
I had about my camera what settings I
was using and today they put it a new
update ten point thirteen point six that
addresses the thermal issues in the new
MacBook Pros and I asked them if it was
related to the vrm stuff that we've seen
pop up and read it and they say it isn't
but the short of it is that they fix the
issues I was seeing in my workflow so my
video is now render at significantly
better speeds even better than using a
freezer before the patch instead of
being slower than the 2017 MacBook Pro
the new a9 is now like 30 maybe 35
percent faster than the older 2017 model
which makes sense and is quite frankly
relieving because the new one should
always be faster than the old one so my
stance on the i9 MacBook Pro right now
I'm obviously happy that it performs
better than it did before and it just
it's a better product it's a more
compelling purchase than it was a week
ago because now if you're really looking
for something that's high-end in the
portable apple category you now have an
option that makes sense for everybody
provided that you want to spend that
kind of money that being said it still
does not hit the clock speed that it
could potentially hit but I'm okay with
that so this is what in front of me are
six seven laptops but six core i9
laptops these are the thick boys these
are the not so thick boys so these are
like gaming laptops they're big they're
thick and they're ugly in comparison to
something like this but they're designed
to cool the chip really well they can
hit like four and a half maybe five
gigahertz and main
that clock speed comfortably they're
loud but they do it really well these
use the same chip but they can't hit
that they're floating around closer to
base clock which is like 2.9 gigahertz
the XPS 15 and the Zen Book Pro are a
little bit thicker a little bit bigger
than the MacBook but they have slightly
better performance
the MacBook has one big advantage it's
really quiet it's thin and light like
the other two but it's quieter than the
rest and the fans don't come on very
often it's actually one of the reasons
why I enjoy using the MacBook Pros
because they're quiet and they're just
unobtrusive in the office so at this
point I would say I'm content I feel
like the eye 9 MacBook Pro is performing
at least the way that a 6 core MacBook
should perform you're never gonna get
performance like this you're also not
gonna get performance like the XPS 15 or
the Zen but Pro because those are bigger
devices but it is what it is now my only
criticism at this point is that I wish
Apple had engineered a better thermal
solution like Hardware wise for the i9 I
wouldn't have made financial sense
because not a lot of people are buying
the i9 it's very costly and
time-consuming to engineer something
like this but for the i9 owners it could
have made a big difference and I think
that the user base would have been
really happy with it but we have at
least a usable solution for now okay
hope you guys enjoyed this video thumbs
if you liked it subs if you loved it
see you guys next time